Software 0.29 Docs Copy Edit (#780)
astronomer/docs: software/manage-airflow-versions.md

## Overview

On Astronomer, when you push your code to an individual Airflow Deployment your  locally built Docker image is bundled, tagged, and then pushed to your Docker Registry. In addition to the DAG code, dependencies, and plugins, the Docker image includes a `Dockerfile` that is automatically generated when you initialize an Astro project on Astronomer with the Astro CLI. 

> Every Astronomer build must include a `Dockerfile` that references an Astronomer Certified (AC) or Astro Runtime Docker image. AC and Astro Runtime Docker images are production-ready distributions of Apache Airflow that mirror the open source project and they undergo additional testing and development. Astro Runtime was introduced in Astronomer Software version 0.29.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should tag Paola on this decision, but I feel like we explain this better elsewhere in our docs, like in https://docs.astronomer.io/software/deploy-cli#overview. I'd be cool to cut out all of this information entirely and go straight to talking about the upgrade process. 

If anything, we should use this overview to explain the importance of upgrading. "Regularly upgrading your Software Deployments ensures that your Deployments stay in support and are running the most reliable, feature-rich version of Airflow available."

Author: @jwitz I was trying to go light with my edit and retain as much of the existing text as possible. I have taken your suggestion and eliminated most of the text and added a short introductory statement. 

You'll never get an argument from me when you recommend removing text!

To upgrade your Airflow Deployment to a later version of Airflow:

- Select a new Airflow version with the Software UI or CLI to initialize the upgrade.

> - Change the FROM statement in your project's `Dockerfile` to reference an AC or Astro Runtime image that corresponds to your current Airflow version. See [Customize Your Image](customize-image.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the FROM statement in your project's `Dockerfile` to reference an Astronomer Certified (AC) or Astro Runtime image that corresponds to your current Airflow version. See [Customize Your Image](customize-image.md).
```

- Deploy to Astronomer.

## Available Astronomer Image Versions

A cron job automatically pulls new Astronomer image versions from the Astronomer [update service](http://updates.astronomer.io/) and adds them to the Software UI and CLI within 24 hours of their publication. You don't have to upgrade Astronomer to upgrade Airflow.

If you don't want to wait for new Astronomer image versions, you can manually trigger the cron job with the following Kubernetes command:

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Delete the remaining `>` in this block. This also super optional setup, so maybe we can enclose this information in a `:::tip` or `:::info` box

> ```sh
> kubectl create job --namespace astronomer --from=cronjob/astronomer-houston-update-airflow-check airflow-update-check-first-run
> ```
>
If you get a message indicating that a job already exists, delete the job and rerun the command.

## Step 1. Initialize the Upgrade Process

> An upgrade doesn't interrupt or otherwise impact your Airflow Deployment or trigger a code change - it signals to Astronomer your _intent_ to upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An upgrade doesn't interrupt or otherwise impact your Airflow Deployment. It only signals to Astronomer your intent to upgrade.
```

> The Software UI and CLI only provide Airflow versions that are _later_ than the version currently running in your `Dockerfile`. For example, Airflow `1.10.7` is not available for an Airflow Deployment running `1.10.10`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Software UI and CLI only provide Airflow versions that are later than the version currently running in your `Dockerfile`. For example, Airflow `1.10.7` is not available for an Airflow Deployment running `1.10.10`.
```
This information seems like it belongs in `Available Airflow Versions`

### With the Software UI

1. Go to **Deployment** > **Settings** > **Basics** > **Airflow Version**.
2. Select an Airflow version.
3. Click **Upgrade**.

### With the Astro CLI

> Run `$ astro auth login <base-domain>` to confirm you're authenticated.

Reviewer: Worth having numbered steps here?

Author: @jwitz I had the same thought! I initially tried making in a numbered task, but I wasn't happy with the formatting. I have tried again and I hope the formatting looks OK.

 new-deployment-1-10-10-airflow-k8s-2            elementary-rotation-5522        ckgwdq8cs037169xtbt2rtu15     1.10.12
```

> Copy the `Deployment ID` and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the `DEPLOYMENT ID` for the Deployment you want to upgrade and run:
```

Author: @jwitz the change has been implemented as discussed. Resolving this comment.

```
astro deployment airflow upgrade --deployment-id=<deployment-id>
```

> This command lists the available Airflow versions you can select and prompts you for a selection. For example, a user upgrading from Airflow 1.10.5 to Airflow 1.10.12 has the following options:

Reviewer: This code block has such old versions of Airflow and goes against our agreed stance that having long blocks of output text is a maintenance hassle.. Let's just tell people to "This command lists the available Airflow versions. Select the version of Airflow you want to upgrade to" And cut the example.

Author: @jwitz I have modified the task to accommodate your edit recommendation.

└── requirements.txt # For any Python packages
```

> ### 2. Choose your new Astronomer Image

Reviewer: We've got some inconsistent title casing across these headers. Should we just do everything in title case to make it easy to maintain?

Author: @jwitz I have updated the titles for consistency. I think we need to have a larger discussion about titles. It's not clear to me why we are using title case and not sentence case for titles. Sentence case is a more common standard now and gives documentation a more modern appearance. It's also easier for writers to implement.

<!--- Version-specific -->

Update the `FROM` line of your project's `Dockerfile` to reference a new Astronomer image. For example, to upgrade to the latest version of Astro Runtime, you would change the `FROM` line to:

<pre><code parentName="pre">{`FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:${siteVariables.runtimeVersion}`}</code></pre>

For a list of current Astronomer images, see:

- [Astronomer Certified Lifecycle Schedule](ac-support-policy.md#astronomer-certified-lifecycle-schedule)
- [Astro Runtime Lifecycle Schedule](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-lifecycle-schedule)

:::warning

After you upgrade your Airflow version, you can't revert to an earlier version.

:::

For Astronomer's full list of Docker images, see [Astronomer Certified on Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/ap-airflow?tab=tags) and [Astro Runtime on Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/astro-runtime?tab=tags).

### 3. Test Your Upgrade Locally (_Optional_)

To test a new version of Astronomer Certified on your local machine, save all of your changes to your `Dockerfile` and run:

```sh
$ astro dev stop
```

> All 3 running Docker containers for each of the Airflow components (Webserver, Scheduler, Postgres) stop. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All 4 running Docker containers for each of the Airflow components (Webserver, Scheduler, Postgres, Triggerer) stop. 
```

:::caution

Due to a schema change in the Airflow metadata database, upgrading a Software Deployment to [AC 2.3.0](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.3.0/CHANGELOG.md) can take significant time. Depending on the size of your metadata database, upgrades can take 10 minutes to an hour or longer depending on the number of task instances that have been recorded in the Airflow metadata database. During this time, scheduled tasks continue to execute but new tasks are not scheduled.

To minimize the upgrade time for a Deployment, contact [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io). Minimizing your upgrade time requires removing records from your metadata database.

:::

### 5. Confirm your version in the Airflow UI

Open the Airflow UI and confirm that you're running the correct Airflow version.

#### Local Development

1. Open a browser and go to http://localhost:8080/.

    Port 8080 is the default. To change this settiong, see [this forum post](https://forum.astronomer.io/t/i-already-have-the-ports-that-the-cli-is-trying-to-use-8080-5432-occupied-can-i-change-the-ports-when-starting-a-project/48).

> 2. Go to `About` > `Version`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **About** > **Version**. 
```
Because it's a UI element vs CLI text

#### On Astronomer

In the Software UI, go to the Airflow Deployment page.

> **Note:** In Airflow versions 2.0 and later, the **Version** page is deprecated. Airflow version information is provided in footer of the Airflow UI.

## Cancel Airflow Upgrade Initialization

> You can cancel an Airflow Deployment upgrade at any time if you have NOT changed the Astronomer image in your `Dockerfile` and deployed it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can cancel an Airflow Deployment upgrade at any time if you haven't yet changed the Astronomer image in your `Dockerfile` and deployed it.
```

> In the Software UI, select **Cancel** next to **Airflow Version**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Software UI, select **Cancel** next to **Airflow Version**.
```

Author: @jwitz the edit is correct. _Using_ is not correct. We are telling users where they should complete the action - **_in_** the Software UI.
